deprecated-tikv-importer-in-operator (#2461)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/restore-data-using-tidb-lightning.md

This document describes how to import data into a TiDB cluster on Kubernetes using [TiDB Lightning](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-overview).

In Kubernetes, the tidb-lightning is in a separate Helm chart and deployed as a `Job`.

> TiDB Lightning supports three backends: `Importer-backend`, `Local-backend`, and `TiDB-backend`. For the differences of these backends and how to choose backends, see [TiDB Lightning Backends](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-backends).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Lightning supports two backends: `Local-backend`, and `TiDB-backend`. For the differences of these backends and how to choose backends, see [TiDB Lightning Backends](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-backends).
```

TiDB Lightning supports three backends: `Importer-backend`, `Local-backend`, and `TiDB-backend`. For the differences of these backends and how to choose backends, see [TiDB Lightning Backends](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-backends).

> - For `Importer-backend`, both tikv-importer and tidb-lightning need to be deployed.

Reviewer 2: update the above "TiDB Lightning supports three backends: `Importer-backend`," too?
